elevator pitch:

Hello, my name is Xi Chen. Did you know one biggest way to make a good impression on your customers at the first sight? By developing a good looking and responsive website. I’m a full-stack website developer and it is my great honor to talk with you.I am in the trainning of full-stack Java developer bootcamp at Per scholas and I just got my master's degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering at Carnegie Mellon University this May. I am familiar with back-end technologies as well as front-end by using Spring boot, Javascript, angular. Here is my resume. Could I know if there any opportunities open at the moment?




resume take away: 1. When we mention per scholas program, we can put total hours or weeks we spend on web development, which is more impressive than we just put down the name.

2. we better have project secitons to show we really know the stuff and can apply our knowledge to build real world project



I am familiar with back-end technologies as well as front-end.  I have knowledge of backend JavaScript API and web services development in node.js. I also have basic knowledge of Java frameworks such as Spring MVC. In addition to the skills I have, I am a quick learner and I can adapt myself to perform more than one role. And I am willing to travel both in the US and outside the US.

Here is my resume. Could I know if there any opportunities matching my profile at this moment?



Three strength:
1.firstly I would say I am hard working person. I try really hard for my school work and got good feedback.
2.secondly I am kind of perfectionist, I would like to make sure my code well comment and dry.
3. thirdly, I am a persistent person. I could spend many days to figure out the bugs and corner case with patience.

For my coding experience, I developed a full-stack web service to establish a blog platform, which allows people to login in, blog creation, making comments and deletion. I also developed a multi-threads designed game called Whack-a-Mole Game. Moreover, I also developed student management system to help people to manage student information. 

 
People say the prospects for software developers are very bright, and your company is a leading one in this field. so I wish to be a member of your company. 